here's the current plan here's the
current like thing that we're doing
right so we currently we got the brooch
okay
we got the big brooch man we farmed the
dungeons we blasted it dude
we got the brooch man okay that's really
hype brooch together with badge
[Music]
bang bong right look at all the buffs
that is gonna be really good for raids
man like before i was using uh
blades with breath right which is 200
attack power for 15 seconds this is 278
for 20 seconds and 72 base attack power
really really good
it's so strong man so we finally got
that we farmed all the dungeons and we
got it done right
we formed 41 badge of justice and we got
we got to drink it finally that's going
to be really good for my karazhan and
for my dungeons and stuff like that
because like the whole the whole like
the damage window for warrior is like
if you look at the grand scheme of
things like the whole the whole fight
like warriors do
like pretty decent damage overall right
but all their damage comes in burst
so like you pop your cds you pop death
wish wreck
badge brooch everything and you just get
a lot of damage in very little time so
getting this trinket
is a huge upgrade for me and it's gonna
might like make allow me to do a lot
more
pump [__] uh because actually most of
the fight forty percent of my damage is
like from uh from the last thirty
percent last twenty percent of the boss
fight where i can start to execute so
getting a trinket that can like empower
that even more
is really good for me and that's going
to make me pump more and it's going to
be
so nice i'm actually really excited to
test this out in the kerosene we're
currently on our way
to black morass we're going to be doing
a black morass
uh and we're going to be trying to get
first of all we're going to try to get
the trinket
because having like a non-unused trinket
that i can swap in between badge is
gonna be really good
so instead of having like black
blackhand's breadth
and uh hand of justice we could have
like hourglass right but the main thing
as well is the
the sword the quantum blade because
certainly we don't have a two-hander i
have mida menethil and
um having some sort of a two-hander
first of all for the raids if people
want me to go arms i can do that
and then also for pvp right because i
don't have thunder yet
thunder's pretty expensive you know
that's the that's the blacksmithing
weapon so i think just getting some sort
of a starter pvp weapon and arms weapon
would be nice and this is like one of
the good entry weapons that you can get
so we're gonna try to go to black morass
we got ourselves a nice group together
papaya credit the big tank and we're
gonna try to get this weapon man
hopefully it goes well and i can show
you guys
how good this trinket combo is
the badge with the armor penetration and
the bloodlust brooch with deathwish
[Music]
it's [__] it's it's go time it's
actually go time it's gonna be good boys
i will teach you guys
i will show you guys the extreme power
gaming prowess
that is the bloodlust brooch okay we
finally got an upgrade
i have been farming i don't even know
how many times guys i have farmed
black morass like 20 times for hourglass
i've done like eight or ten
mackinaw runs and i just haven't seen
any of the trinkets dropped so i i
actually did go out on my way to just
farm all the badges for this instead now
we gotta trinket and now we're ready to
blast man it's gonna be good all right
let's summon the boys here
and uh let's go man let's get this
pumped uh up and
running boys summon all the boys dude
you have thunder much gold do i have uh
200 okay we're good we got all the boys
one more all right we got everybody
let's head to
the head to the dungeon
[Music]
this guy is like look at him
is that like a special feature only the
people who buy this mount gets
i wish my amount could do that man what
the hell yeah five dollar extra for the
uh the moonwalk
edition for only five dollars extra you
can you can now get your mount to
moonwalk limited time only
get it while the pre-patch still lasts
all right we gotta use these on the on
the
other things you speaking all right so
i'll use my beacon at 14
okay i'm using at 14.
all right
actually we'll pump some blast here it's
a little preview boys
a little preview of the blastage okay i
really do wish we had win for you though
it would make a big difference
especially for warrior man it is like so
huge having been fury okay like i'm
playing dota i'm trying to get all the
last hits for victory rush
get all my last hits in yeah another
victory rush give me another one
[Music]
yep dude yes man the damage
all right let's pop some consumables
here yeah i think it's super important
that we don't touch the outs and the
bosses like if
you if you focus ads on boss fights it
like
you're just cocking yourself because
like the the shield can tank quite a few
of the adds and you can just kill them
afterwards right
little dps there on the board god damn
now that is some big pump [__] boys
that is a big pump [__] right there it
is very weird looking at my dwarf now
without the watermelon helmet dude if
the sword drops i'll be kind of cool
could you imagine i have been farming
the brooch for so long i'm not the
brooch
i've been farming like the hourglass so
many times and then now when i do like a
casual run just to get the sword maybe
have a chance at that
it drops right that would be so
bittersweet actually i don't know if i
would be happy or sad about that oh
there's actually it's actually like kind
of not bad having two druids and black
maras because like
battle races are huge in this dungeon i
think are you kidding me
did you just give me sharpening stones
man you're too nice man
i like that when you pop the brooch you
turn red that's kind of cool it's a nice
feature i think because
you can really see you pop off right
this this is why i would like hourglass
as well though right because like
while these two trinkets are on cooldown
actually i will keep this one on but
while the other one is well batches and
cooldown i would need like something
else to replace it right okay we got a
boss we got a boss after this one
anytime there's any cleave i could
really have the inside it makes
it makes my class a lot more fun to play
if there's please like i can use
sweeping strikes and i can use
everything like that right maybe i
should have saved that wish for the boss
actually that's my bad
oh this is so bad man the slow actually
sucks man
dude look at the hunter man oh he did he
doesn't get hit by the slow
that is okay dude okay
dude dude this is some haunted
propaganda man that's some hunter
propaganda dude he doesn't get hit by
the slow because he's so he's too far
away
the next boss can drop my um my
hourglass though the only bad part about
black morass is that you have to wait
so long after you kill a boss there's
like two minutes of down time i guess
it's good if you can like you can like
feed the dog you can water your plants
go out get a little snack maybe you can
go to the toilet
i guess that's pretty good i suppose
right okay i'm gonna pop my badge and
look look guys you better get your eyes
peeled okay we're gonna get full
saunders okay
both thunders
[Music]
okay badge bubble cds
all right man all right when do we wreck
when do we wreck when do we wreck
[Music]
oh he knocked me back
[__] god damn it no hourglass man did
you wreck us well
dude we both wrecked why why did we
break out the same boss
cry come on dude we both wrecked the
dude come on
unbelievable man unbelievable dude okay
so you want me to pop it now okay i'll
pop it now then
flap
dude it instant despondent it like
instantly spawned man he said it was too
early
unbelievable man this ball is actually
like palm stone
[Music]
these are not bad pants actually for
offspec these are good for tank yo i can
need those for my uh for my tanking set
well
i guess at least we got something out of
it boys that's not too bad i want the
primal nether as well that's actually
not too shabby boys not that we got we
got the trinket
we got the brothers brooch we got some
pants dude that's nice
and most importantly of all guys
we topped the meters we beat the goddamn
hunters man
we're making fury warriors all around
the world
proud and that's very commendable in of
itself that's really good man if you ask
[Music]
me
you